Something happened to Ji's head office
company
What's the matter?
Even if the project economy leaks
Even if the stock price plummets
Shareholders are clamoring to see you
I need you to give them an explanation.
You go pass it on
I'll take care of this.
If it is not handled well
I will resign as president
Is there anything else?
Mr. Qi
That thing was turned up
Now the Internet is full of scolding for journalism
Wait for this.
The big fish is about to appear
The person who had access to that document
Are you sure?
Confirmed except for Mr. Ji
I also have Director Zhou
In addition to several major shareholders such as Director Ji
And the eldest lady
You can get complete data.
Only the eldest lady
Looks like he can't wait
Uncle is in trouble now
He helped me so much.
I left at this moment
Isn't that a little ungrateful?
I wonder how he is now.
But
Uncle is so powerful
It should be fine.
No, I have to go back and see